---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "remote_dir Resource - terraform-provider-remote"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  File on remote host.
---

# remote_dir (Resource)

File on remote host.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) Path to file on remote host.

### Optional

- `conn` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection to host where files are located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conn))
- `group` (String) Group ID (GID) of file owner. Mutually exclusive with `group_name`.
- `group_name` (String) Group name of file owner. Mutually exclusive with `group`.
- `owner` (String) User ID (UID) of file owner. Mutually exclusive with `owner_name`.
- `owner_name` (String) User name of file owner. Mutually exclusive with `owner`.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions of file (in octal form). Defaults to `0644`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--conn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conn`

Required:

- `host` (String) The remote host.
- `user` (String) The user on the remote host.

Optional:

- `agent` (Boolean) Use a local SSH agent to login to the remote host. Defaults to `false`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The pasword for the user on the remote host.
- `port` (Number) The ssh port on the remote host. Defaults to `22`.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_env_var` (String) The name of the local environment variable containing the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_pass` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase for the encrypted private key.
- `private_key_path` (String) The local path to the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `sudo` (Boolean) Use sudo to gain access to file. Defaults to `false`.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, for the TCP connection to establish. Timeout of zero means no timeout.
